AC Milan
Abu Dhabi
Alex Ferguson
All Blacks
Andhra Pradesh
Andy Murray
Angela Merkel
Armed Forces
Aston Villa
AstraZeneca vaccine
BBC Radio
BT Sport
Barack Obama
Bayern Munich
Bill Clinton
Boris Johnson
British Airways
British Gas
British company
British government
British people
British troop
Buckingham Palace
Cape Town
Central Bank
Christmas Day
Co. Uk
College London
Conservative MP
Conservative Party
Conservative party
Covent Garden
Covid case
Covid restriction
Covid vaccine
Covid-19 pandemic
Covid-19 vaccine
Cristiano Ronaldo
Crown Court
Crystal Palace
Cup final
Cup qualifier
Cup semi-final
Cup tie
Czech Republic
Daily Mail
Daily Mirror
Daily Telegraph
David Beckham
David Cameron
David Moyes
Delta variant
Democratic Party
Donald Trump
Downing Street
East London
Ed Miliband
England captain
England manager
England player
England squad
England team
English football
Europa League
European Commission
European Union
European championship
European country
Facebook page
Federal Reserve
Film Festival
Financial Authority
First Minister
First War
Football Association
Football League
Foreign Office
Foreign Secretary
Frank Lampard
Friday night
Gareth Southgate
George Bush
George Osborne
Gold Cup
Goldman Sachs
Goodluck Jonathan
Gordon Brown
Grand Prix
Great Britain
Greater Manchester
Gulf News
Gunnar Solskjaer
Harry Kane
Health Secretary
High Court
High School
Home Office
Home Secretary
Hong Kong
Human Rights
International Fund
Joe Biden
John Lewis
John Major
John Terry
Jose Mourinho
Keir Starmer
Kenneth Clarke
Labour MP
Labour Party
Labour government
Labour leader
Labour party
Las Vegas
Latin America
League club
League game
Lib Dems
Liberal Democrats
London Exchange
London School
Los Angeles
Love Island
Madhya Pradesh
Man City
Manchester City
Manchester United
March year
Margaret Thatcher
Matt Hancock
Medical College
Met Office
Michael Gove
Michael Howard
Middle East
Monday morning
Monday night
Morgan Stanley
Mr Blair
Mr Brown
Mr Cameron
Mr Clarke
Mr Clegg
Mr Clinton
Mr Howard
Mr Johnson
Mr Major
Mr Miliband
Mr Osborne
Mr Smith
Mr. Obama
Municipal Corporation
Muslim Brotherhood
Narendra Modi
National Assembly
National Association
National Council
National Institute
National Park
National Service
National Statistics
National Trust
New City
New Delhi
New Jersey
New Orleans
New Times
New Wales
New York
New Zealand
Newcastle United
Nick Clegg
Nicola Sturgeon
North America
North Korea
North London
Northern Ireland
Obama administration
Old Trafford
Ole Solskjaer
Olympic Games
Opera House
Oxford University
PCR test
Post Office
Premier League
President Clinton
President Jonathan
President Obama
Prime Minister
Prince Charles
Prince Harry
Prince Philip
Prince William
Real Madrid
Reuters report
Rishi Sunak
Royal Ascot
Royal Bank
Royal College
Royal Family
Royal Mail
Royal Navy
Royal Society
Rugby Union
Ryder Cup
San Francisco
Saturday morning
Saturday night
Saudi Arabia
Scotland Yard
Scott Morrison
Scottish government
Second War
Security Council
Services Authority
Sheffield United
Sinn Fein
Sir Ferguson
Sky News
Sky Sports
South Africa
South America
South East
South Korea
South Wales
Soviet Union
Sri Lanka
St Andrew
Stamford Bridge
Steven Gerrard
Stock Exchange
Sunday Telegraph
Sunday Times
Sunday morning
Sunday night
Super League
Supreme Court
TV series
TV show
Tamil Nadu
Thursday night
Tiger Woods
Tony Blair
Tory MP
Tottenham hotspur
Tuesday night
UK economy
UK government
US Open
United Kingdom
United Nations
United States
Uttar Pradesh
Wall Street
Wayne Rooney
Web site
Wednesday night
West Bank
West Brom
West Ham
West Indies
West Midlands
West Street
West Sussex
West end
White House
World Bank
World Cup
World War
World championship
World final
World qualifier
York City
York Times
abstract concept
academic achievement
academic career
academic circles
academic community
academic debate
academic discipline
academic discourse
academic institution
academic journal
academic life
academic performance
academic research
academic skills
academic study
academic success
academic work
academic world
academic writing
academic year
accept responsibility
acceptable behaviour
accurate assessment
accurate description
accurate information
accurate measurement
accurate picture
accurate record
achieve a goal
achieve an objective
achieve an outcome
acquire knowledge
active involvement
active participant
active participation
active role
actively involved
acutely aware
add information
additional cost
additional information
additional problem
additional resources
additional support
address an issue
administrative practices
adopt a procedure
adopt an approach
advanced economy
advanced technology
adverse effect
adverse reaction
adversely affect
affect the  development 
affect the outcome
age group
allocate resources
allow  access
almost identical
also announce
alternative approach
alternative explanation
alternative form
alternative interpretation
alternative means
alternative method
alternative model
alternative solution
alternative source
alternative strategy
alternative view
alternative way
ample evidence
analytical approach
analytical tool
anecdotal evidence
announce also
announce announce
announce government
announce he
announce it
announce plan
announce yesterday
announcement be
announcement make
annual conference
annual meeting
annual rate
annual report
annual review
apply a method
apply equally
apply the theory
appropriate action
appropriate behaviour
appropriate conditions
appropriate data
appropriate form
appropriate language
appropriate level
appropriate point
appropriate response
appropriate skills
appropriate treatment
appropriate way
armed conflict
armed force
artificial intelligence
artistic director
assess the impact
assessment process
associated factors
assume responsibility
assume the role
asylum seeker
atomic energy
attend a conference
attorney general
available data
available evidence
available information
available resources
average price
average score
awful lot
background knowledge
bad day
bad news
bad thing
balance sheet
bank account
basic assumption
basic component
basic concept
basic element
basic function
basic information
basic premise
basic principle
basic research
basic structure
basic technique
be announcement
bear resemblance
become a source
become apparent
become available
become aware
become blurred
become established
become evident
become independent
become involved
become obvious
become the focus
become visible
become widespread
begin a process
behave differently
beneficial effect
best described
big bank
big challenge
big club
big company
big deal
big game
big issue
big name
big part
big problem
big thing
binary opposition
binary system
biological evolution
biological science
biological sex
block-time updated-timeUpdated
blood clot
blood pressure
board member
bottom line
box office
breast cancer
brief account
brief description
brief discussion
brief history
brief introduction
brief overview
brief period
brief review
brief summary
brief time
briefly describe
briefly discuss
broad agreement
broad category
broad definition
broad range
broad spectrum
broader context
broadly defined
broadly similar
budget deficit
building society
business leader
business model
business sector
business transaction
cabinet minister
capitalist country
capitalist economy
capitalist society
capitalist system
capitalist world
car park
carbon emission
care home
career development
career opportunity
careful analysis
careful attention
careful consideration
careful thought
carefully controlled
carefully selected
carry information
carry out research
carry out the task
cast doubt
causal link
causal relation
causal relationship
cause consequences
cause stress
cent increase
cent rise
cent stake
central London
central authority
central bank
central concept
central concern
central control
central core
central feature
central focus
central government
central importance
central issue
central part
central point
central position
central problem
central question
central role
central tenet
central theme
certain aspect
certain assumptions
certain characteristics
certain circumstances
champion League
change an attitude
change constantly
change dramatically
change rapidly
changing attitudes
changing circumstances
changing nature
changing needs
changing pattern
changing world
characteristic feature
chemical reaction
chemical weapon
chief economist
chief executive
chief minister
chief officer
chief secretary
city centre
civic body
civil case
civil servant
civil society
civil war
class consciousness
classic example
classic study
classic text
classic work
classical music
classical theory
clean sheet
clear boundary
clear distinction
clear evidence
clear focus
clear indication
clear relationship
clear statement
clear structure
clearly defined
clearly demonstrated
clearly established
clearly evident
clearly identified
clearly important
clearly related
clearly understand
clearly visible
climate change
climatic conditions
clinical trial
close contact
close friend
close proximity
close relationship
close scrutiny
closely allied
closely associated
closely connected
closely linked
closely related
closely resemble
closely tied
closer examination
closer inspection
closer look
coalition government
cognitive ability
cognitive development
cognitive skills
collaborative learning
collect data
collect information
collective action
collective identity
collective memory
combined effect
come into  contact
come into conflict
commercial activity
commercial transaction
commit a crime
commit an offence
common ancestor
common approach
common assumption
common characteristic
common culture
common error
common feature
common goal
common method
common sense
common source
common theme
common usage
commonly accepted
commonly associated
commonly called
commonly encountered
commonly found
commonly known
commonly referred
commonly used
communicate effectively
comparative analysis
comparative research
comparative study
compelling argument
compelling evidence
compelling reason
competitive market
competitive pressure
complete a task
complete version
complex area
complex interaction
complex issue
complex pattern
complex problem
complex process
complex question
complex relationship
complex set
complex situation
complex structure
complex system
comprehensive account
comprehensive approach
comprehensive overview
comprehensive review
comprehensive system
conceptual framework
concerted effort
concluding remarks
concluding section
conditional  probability
conduct a study
conduct a survey
conduct an analysis
conduct an interview
conduct research
conflict resolution
conflicting interests
consider a possibility
consider an aspect
consider an issue
consider appropriate
consider relevant
consider the impact
consider the implications
consider the role
considerable amount
considerable attention
considerable debate
considerable degree
considerable detail
considerable effort
considerable evidence
considerable extent
considerable importance
considerable influence
considerable interest
considerable research
considerable support
considerable variation
consistent pattern
consistent results
constant rate
constituent elements
constituent parts
contain an element
contain information
contemporary debate
contemporary issue
contemporary life
contemporary society
contemporary world
contextual factors
continued existence
continued growth
continued use
continuous process
contribute significantly
contribute to the development
controversial issue
conventional view
conventional wisdom
convey a message
convey information
convey meaning
convincing evidence
coping strategy
core area
core element
core issue
core skills
core value
coronavirus case
coronavirus pandemic
correct an error
correct interpretation
counter argument
court case
court order
cover a range
cover a topic
cover an area
create an environment
create an impression
create an opportunity
create conditions
create opportunities
create problems
creative process
creative thinking
creative work
credit card
criminal offence
critical analysis
critical approach
critical attention
critical essay
critical evaluation
critical examination
critical factor
critical importance
critical inquiry
critical introduction
critical issue
critical perspective
critical point
critical reflection
critical review
critical role
critical scrutiny
critical theory
critical thinking
critical writing
critically evaluate
crown court
crucial difference
crucial factor
crucial importance
crucial part
crucial point
crucial question
crucial role
cultural activity
cultural aspect
cultural attitudes
cultural background
cultural boundary
cultural change
cultural context
cultural differences
cultural dimension
cultural diversity
cultural factors
cultural heritage
cultural history
cultural identity
cultural influence
cultural institution
cultural issue
cultural life
cultural norm
cultural perspective
cultural phenomenon
cultural practice
cultural significance
cultural theory
cultural tradition
cultural values
culturally specific
current climate
current issue
current policy
current research
current status
current technology
current trend
current year
currently available
daily basis
daily living
data gathering
data set
de France
deal with an issue
death penalty
death rate
death toll
deem appropriate
deem necessary
deep understanding
deeper level
deeply embedded
deeply rooted
defining characteristic
defining concept
defining feature
deliberate attempt
democratic institution
democratic process
democratic society
democratic state
demographic change
demographic characteristics
demographic factor
demonstrate competence
densely populated
deny access
department store
dependent variable
deputy chairman
deputy director
deputy minister
describe a  procedure
describe a method
describe a process
descriptive statistics
desired outcome
detailed analysis
detailed examination
detailed information
detailed study
develop a method
develop a strategy
develop a technique
develop a theory
develop an  argument
develop an approach
developmental process
developmental stage
diagnostic test
differ considerably
differ significantly
differ widely
different kind
different part
different type
different way
difficult time
digital information
digital media
digital technology
dining room
direct access
direct communication
direct consequences
direct contact
direct evidence
direct impact
direct involvement
direct link
direct observation
direct relationship
direct role
directly affect
directly affected
directly connected
directly involved
directly linked
directly proportional
directly related
directly responsible
director general
disabled people
disclose information
discuss a topic
discuss an issue
disposable income
distinct group
distinct type
distinctive feature
distinguishing feature
district administration
diverse background
diverse group
diverse range
dividing line
documentary evidence
domestic market
domestic sphere
domestic violence
dominant culture
dominant discourse
dominant form
dominant group
dominant ideology
dominant paradigm
dominant position
dominant role
dramatic change
dramatic effect
dramatic increase
draw a conclusion
draw a distinction
draw a line
draw attention
driving force
due process
dynamic equilibrium
dynamic nature
dynamic process
dynamic system
earlier discussion
earlier period
earlier research
earlier stage
earlier study
earlier times
earlier version
earlier work
early 1990
early day
early decades
early hour
early stage
early study
early year
easily accessible
easily identified
easily understood
east London
easy access
economic activity
economic affairs
economic analysis
economic benefits
economic change
economic conditions
economic consequences
economic context
economic crisis
economic exploitation
economic factors
economic forces
economic goal
economic growth
economic inequality
economic integration
economic interests
economic policy
economic power
economic prosperity
economic recovery
economic reform
economic relations
economic relationships
economic resources
economic sector
economic stability
economic status
economic structure
economic success
economic system
economic theory
economic value
economic welfare
education system
educational institution
educational opportunity
educational policy
educational programme
educational provision
educational qualification
educational research
educational setting
educational system
effective communication
effective implementation
effective intervention
effective management
effective method
effective participation
effective policy
effective treatment
election campaign
electronic access
electronic communication
electronic media
electronic resources
electronic version
emergency service
emotional impact
emotional intelligence
emotional reaction
emotional response
emotional support
empirical data
empirical evidence
empirical investigation
empirical research
empirical study
empirical support
empirical work
employ a method
employ a technique
employment opportunities
encounter difficulties
encounter problems
encourage the development
engage in an activity
enhance learning
enhance performance
enormous amount
enormous impact
entire period
entire range
entirely clear
entirely different
entirely new
environmental changes
environmental concern
environmental consequences
environmental damage
environmental degradation
environmental effects
environmental factors
environmental impact
environmental issues
environmental policy
environmental pollution
environmental protection
equal access
equal opportunity
equal status
equal treatment
equally important
equally likely
equally true
equally valid
equity firm
essential component
essential element
essential feature
essential function
essential information
essential role
establish a relationship
established order
established practice
established principle
estate agent
ethical consideration
ethical dilemma
ethical issue
ethical principle
ethical problem
ethical question
ethnic community
ethnic differences
ethnic diversity
ethnic group
ethnic identity
ethnic minority
ethnic origin
ever changing
ever increasing
evolutionary process
evolutionary theory
examine the role
exceptional case
exceptional circumstances
exchange rate
executive director
exercise authority
existing data
existing research
existing structure
expand rapidly
experience difficulties
experience problems
experiential learning
experimental conditions
experimental data
experimental design
experimental evidence
experimental method
experimental research
experimental results
experimental study
experimental work
expert opinion
explanatory power
explore an issue
explore further
extended period
extensive research
extensively used
external environment
external factors
external forces
external influences
external source
external threat
external world
extra time
extract data
extract information
extremely complex
extremely powerful
extremely sensitive
extremely useful
extremely valuable
fa Cup
face a challenge
face a dilemma
face a problem
face difficulties
face discrimination
face mask
facial expression
facilitate the development
factual information
fair treatment
fairly clear
fairly common
fairly obvious
fairly straightforward
fall into the  category
family home
family life
family member
far removed
federal agency
federal government
federal state
feminist movement
few day
few hour
few minute
few month
few people
few thing
few time
few week
few year
field research
film industry
final analysis
final answer
final chapter
final day
final decision
final outcome
final phase
final point
final position
final product
final result
final round
final section
final stage
final step
final version
finance director
finance minister
financial adviser
financial affairs
financial assistance
financial crisis
financial institution
financial management
financial market
financial problem
financial resources
financial service
financial support
financial year
find  information
find evidence
finite number
firmly established
first appearance
first author
first child
first contact
first day
first dose
first draft
first encounter
first game
first generation
first goal
first half
first impression
first innings
first leg
first lockdown
first match
first meeting
first minister
first phase
first place
first priority
first quarter
first round
first season
first set
first step
first team
first test
first thing
first time
first week
first win
first woman
first year
first-time buyer
flexible approach
focal point
focus attention
focus on an aspect
follow a format
follow a procedure
follow instructions
following chapter
football club
football team
foreign currency
foreign investment
foreign investor
foreign minister
foreign policy
foreign secretary
formal structure
former chairman
former director
former executive
former head
former leader
former manager
former member
former minister
former officer
former player
former president
former secretary
fourth quarter
free access
free kick
free movement
free p
freely available
frequently cited
frequently found
frequently referred
frequently used
front door
front line
front page
fulfil an obligation
full analysis
full employment
full information
full participation
full potential
full range
fuller discussion
fully aware
fully developed
fully informed
fully integrated
fully realized
fully understand
functional requirement
fund manager
fundamental aspect
fundamental assumption
fundamental change
fundamental component
fundamental difference
fundamental importance
fundamental principle
fundamental problem
fundamental question
fundamentally different
further analysis
further consideration
further development
further divided
further evidence
further explanation
further information
further investigation
further research
further study
future development
future prospects
future research
future study
gain access
gain information
gain insight
gather data
gather information
gender equality
gender stereotype
general agreement
general approach
general argument
general aspect
general category
general conclusion
general consensus
general definition
general election
general feature
general formula
general manager
general overview
general principle
general secretary
general statement
general tendency
general theory
general trend
generally accepted
generally agree
generally assumed
generally considered
generally found
generally known
genetic variation
geographical area
geographical distribution
geographical location
get involved
give  guidance
give  information
give  insight
give a presentation
give access
give an explanation
give an indication
give an overview
give consent
give consideration
give emphasis
give evidence
give feedback
give priority
give sb an impression
give sb treatment
given information
given period
global capitalism
global context
global culture
global economy
global issue
global market
global marketplace
global media
global network
global perspective
global shift
global structure
global trade
global village
global warming
gold medal
golf course
good chance
good day
good deal
good form
good friend
good idea
good interest
good job
good life
good luck
good news
good option
good part
good performance
good place
good player
good position
good practice
good reason
good result
good shape
good start
good team
good thing
good time
good value
good way
good work
government agency
government announce
government control
government department
government expenditure
government intervention
government official
government policy
graphical representation
great accuracy
great deal
great diversity
great impact
great majority
great player
great potential
great proportion
great range
great significance
great thing
greater autonomy
greater awareness
greater emphasis
greater equality
greater flexibility
greater likelihood
greatly enhance
greatly increase
greatly influenced
greatly reduced
green light
group stage
grow rapidly
growing awareness
growing trend
growth rate
guiding principle
half year
hard time
hard work
hardly surprising
have a strategy
have a tendency
have access
have an obligation
have consequences
have limitations
have potential
head coach
head injury
health authority
health care
health department
health issue
health minister
health official
health problem
health secretary
health service
health worker
heart attack
heart disease
heated debate
heavily influenced
heavy rain
hedge fund
hierarchical structure
high concentration
high correlation
high cost
high court
high education
high expectations
high incidence
high intensity
high level
high number
high order
high percentage
high pressure
high price
high priority
high probability
high profile
high proportion
high quality
high rate
high risk
high school
high score
high standard
high status
high street
high turnover
high unemployment
high value
high/er frequency
higher degree
higher education
highly charged
highly competitive
highly complex
highly controversial
highly correlated
highly critical
highly dependent
highly desirable
highly developed
highly educated
highly effective
highly efficient
highly influential
highly likely
highly problematic
highly relevant
highly selective
highly sensitive
highly significant
highly skilled
highly sophisticated
highly structured
highly successful
highly unlikely
highly valued
highly variable
historical account
historical analysis
historical background
historical change
historical circumstances
historical context
historical data
historical development
historical event
historical evidence
historical factors
historical interpretation
historical knowledge
historical period
historical perspective
historical reality
historical record
historical roots
historical study
historical writing
historically specific
hold a conference
holistic approach
home game
home secretary
home side
home town
homogeneous group
hotel room
house price
housing market
huge amount
human activity
human behaviour
human being
human interaction
human right
human society
human species
ice cream
ideally suited
identify a problem
identify a way
identify an area
identify an issue
identify factors
identify features
illegal immigrant
immediate environment
immediately apparent
immediately following
immediately obvious
immediately preceding
immune system
important part
important role
important thing
imported goods
imported products
impose constraints
impose limitations
impose restrictions
improved performance
income tax
increase awareness
increase dramatically
increase the likelihood
increased awareness
increased competition
increased demand
increased importance
increased interest
increased level
increased number
increased pressure
increased production
increased productivity
increased risk
increasing awareness
increasing complexity
increasing demand
increasing emphasis
increasing importance
increasing interest
increasing pressure
increasing proportion
increasing tendency
increasing trend
increasingly aware
increasingly common
increasingly complex
increasingly difficult
increasingly important
increasingly popular
increasingly sophisticated
independent state
independent variable
indigenous people
indigenous population
individual behaviour
individual case
individual characteristics
individual choice
individual component
individual differences
individual element
individual experience
individual interests
individual item
individual needs
individual response
individual responsibility
individual rights
individual variable
individual variation
industrial capitalism
industrial country
industrial development
industrial production
industrial society
industrialized country
industrialized nation
inextricably linked
infection rate
infinite number
information flow
information gathering
information processing
information retrieval
information sharing
informed consent
initial period
initial phase
initial position
initial research
initial stage
institutional arrangement
institutional context
institutional framework
institutional structure
institutional support
insurance company
integral part
integrated approach
integrated system
intellectual property
intellectual work
intensive care
intensive study
interest rate
interested party
internal affairs
internal conflict
internal control
internal market
internal organ
internal structure
international agreement
international body
international community
international conference
international context
international journal
international organization
international treaty
internet access
interpersonal relationships
interpersonal skills
interpret data
intimate relationship
intimately connected
intrinsic value
introduce legislation
introductory chapter
introductory section
introductory text
investment bank
job loss
joint venture
justice system
keenly aware
key area
key aspect
key characteristic
key component
key concept
key element
key factor
key feature
key findings
key issue
key objective
key player
key policy
key principle
key role
key source
key text
key theme
key topic
knee injury
large amount
large company
large group
large majority
large number
large part
large percentage
large portion
large proportion
large quantities
large range
largely based
largely confined
largely determined
largely ignored
largely responsible
last August
last December
last Friday
last March
last November
last October
last Saturday
last September
last Sunday
last Thursday
last autumn
last couple
last day
last decade
last election
last game
last minute
last month
last night
last season
last summer
last thing
last time
last week
last weekend
last year
late figure
late news
late year
later work
later writings
law firm
lead to the conclusion
leading role
league game
league table
learning activity
learning difficulties
learning environment
learning objective
learning outcome
learning process
learning resources
learning strategy
legal action
legal basis
legal framework
legal issue
legal obligation
legal position
legal proceedings
legal protection
legal requirement
legal right
legal rule
legal status
legal system
legislative measures
legislative power
liberal democracy
life expectancy
lifelong learning
likely impact
likely outcome
limited access
limited capacity
limited information
limited opportunity
limited range
limited resources
linear relationship
literal interpretation
literal meaning
literal sense
literary text
literary tradition
little bit
little boy
little evidence
little girl
little impact
little information
little research
little significance
little time
living conditions
living organism
living standard
local area
local authority
local circumstances
local community
local council
local culture
local economy
local government
local people
local resident
logical approach
logical argument
logical conclusion
long duration
long established
long hour
long period
long run
long term
long time
long way
longitudinal study
love affair
love story
low income
low intensity
low level
low percentage
low price
low priority
low probability
low profile
low quality
low rate
low status
low turnover
low unemployment
low/er frequency
lower class
main area
main argument
main category
main characteristics
main component
main element
main factor
main feature
main findings
main focus
main function
main issue
main principle
main reason
main source
main task
main theme
mainly concerned
maintain contact
major advantage
major area
major cause
major challenge
major change
major component
major concern
major contribution
major decision
major difference
major factor
major feature
major focus
major impact
major implications
major influence
major issue
major part
major problem
major reason
major role
major shift
major source
major theme
make a comment
make a contribution
make a distinction
make a living
make a prediction
make a recommendation
make a statement
make a transition
make adjustments
make an argument
make an assessment
make an assumption
make an impact
make an impression
make an observation
make announcement
make arrangements
make available
make aware
make contact
make explicit
make policy
make provision
make visible
makea judgement
male dominance
management team
manual worker
manufacturing sector
many case
many company
many country
many other
many people
many player
many thing
many time
many way
many woman
many year
marked contrast
markedly different
market share
market value
maximum duration
mean score
meaningful way
media coverage
medical assistance
medical officer
medical treatment
meet a  target
meet a requirement
meet an objective
meet criteria
meet expectations
member state
mental health
mental illness
mental state
methodological approach
methodological issue
methodological problem
metropolitan area
middle class
middle income
middle management
midfield player
migrant worker
military action
military force
military power
military service
minimum level
minimum requirement
minimum standard
minimum value
minimum wage
minor change
minor role
minority group
missing data
mobile phone
modern culture
modern method
modern society
modern technology
modified form
modified version
monetary policy
moral dilemma
moral philosophy
moral principle
more detail
more information
more money
more people
more time
more year
most part
most people
much money
much time
multiple identities
multiple sources
municipal government
mutual recognition
mutual support
mutual trust
mutual understanding
mutually exclusive
narrow definition
narrow range
national average
national boundary
national conference
national culture
national economy
national government
national identity
national income
national institution
national interest
national language
national legislation
national market
national media
national movement
national park
national policy
national press
national security
national survey
national team
native speaker
natural conditions
natural disaster
natural environment
natural history
natural language
natural law
natural order
natural philosophy
natural process
natural resources
natural right
natural science
natural tendency
natural world
naturally occurring
near future
necessary information
negative aspect
negative attitude
negative connotation
negative consequences
negative correlation
negative effect
negative feedback
negative impact
negative outcome
negative side
negative stereotype
negative test
negative value
negative view
negatively correlated
new Delhi
new album
new book
new car
new case
new contract
new deal
new era
new film
new generation
new government
new home
new initiative
new insight
new job
new law
new life
new manager
new owner
new perspective
new policy
new product
new project
new role
new rule
new season
new series
new show
new system
new technology
new variant
new way
new year
newly acquired
newly created
newly discovered
newly emerging
newly established
newly formed
news agency
news conference
next day
next decade
next door
next election
next generation
next month
next morning
next phase
next season
next step
next summer
next time
next week
next year
non-executive director
normal conditions
normal development
normal distribution
normal practice
north London
notable exception
nuclear energy
nuclear family
nuclear power
nuclear war
nuclear weapon
numerical data
numerical value
numerous studies
objective criteria
objective reality
obtain a result
obtain data
obtain information
obvious difference
obvious example
obvious point
obvious reason
occur frequently
occur naturally
offer an opportunity
offer insight
official statistics
oil company
oil price
old age
old friend
old man
old people
old woman
olive oil
once established
ongoing debate
ongoing process
online access
online database
online journal
online ref
online version
only thing
only time
only way
open access
opening chapter
opening section
opinion leader
opinion poll
opposition party
optimal solution
oral history
oral presentation
ordinary people
organising principle
organizational structure
original author
original context
original data
original intent
original meaning
original model
original position
original research
original source
original text
original version
original work
originally developed
originally intended
other area
other city
other club
other company
other country
other day
other end
other group
other hand
other issue
other leader
other man
other member
other nation
other option
other part
other party
other people
other place
other player
other side
other state
other team
other thing
other way
other woman
other word
overall aim
overall effect
overall level
overall performance
overall picture
overall rate
overall structure
overwhelming majority
own goal
own home
own life
own right
own way
paid employment
paramount importance
particular area
particular aspect
particular emphasis
particular feature
particular focus
particular individual
particular meaning
particularly acute
particularly apparent
particularly appropriate
particularly concerned
particularly effective
particularly evident
particularly influential
particularly relevant
particularly sensitive
particularly significant
particularly striking
particularly successful
particularly suited
particularly useful
particularly valuable
partly responsible
party leader
past decade
past month
past research
past week
past year
pay rise
peace treaty
penalty area
pension fund
pension scheme
perceived importance
perceived need
perceived threat
percentage point
perform a function
perform a study
perform a task
personal choice
personal circumstances
personal communication
personal contact
personal control
personal experience
personal information
personal interest
personal knowledge
personal life
personal quality
personal relationship
personal responsibility
personal safety
personal space
phone call
phone number
physical activity
physical appearance
physical characteristics
physical contact
physical development
physical environment
physical features
physical health
physical needs
physical presence
physical properties
physical proximity
physical science
physical space
physical symptom
physical world
pilot study
pioneering work
pivotal role
place  emphasis
plan announce
planning stage
plausible explanation
play a role
police force
police officer
police official
police station
political activism
political activity
political agenda
political arena
political authority
political circumstances
political climate
political conflict
political consciousness
political consensus
political consequences
political consideration
political context
political culture
political debate
political dimension
political economy
political environment
political factors
political identity
political ideology
political implications
political instability
political institution
political leader
political mobilization
political movement
political organization
political participation
political party
political philosophy
political reality
political reform
political representation
political significance
political spectrum
political stability
political status
political structure
politically correct
politically motivated
poor country
poorly understood
popular culture
popular media
pose a challenge
pose a problem
pose a question
pose a threat
positive action
positive aspect
positive attitude
positive connotation
positive correlation
positive discrimination
positive effect
positive feature
positive feedback
positive image
positive impact
positive influence
positive outcome
positive relationship
positive result
positive test
positive value
positive view
positively associated
positively correlated
possible consequences
possible explanation
possible outcome
possible source
post office
potential benefits
potential conflict
potential customer
potential harm
potential impact
potential problem
potential risk
potential source
potential value
potentially dangerous
power plant
power station
powerful force
powerful group
powerful influence
powerful tool
practical consideration
practical difficulties
practical issue
practical significance
pre-tax profit
preceding chapter
preceding discussion
preceding section
precise definition
precise nature
predictive power
preferential treatment
pregnant woman
preliminary data
preliminary findings
preliminary result
premature death
present a challenge
present a summary
present an argument
present context
present data
present difficulties
present evidence
presidential election
press conference
press release
previous chapter
previous decade
previous discussion
previous experience
previous generation
previous knowledge
previous paragraph
previous part
previous research
previous section
previous study
previous work
previous year
previously described
previously discussed
previously known
previously mentioned
previously thought
price rise
price tag
primarily concerned
primarily responsible
primary aim
primary care
primary concern
primary data
primary education
primary focus
primary function
primary objective
primary purpose
primary reason
primary research
primary responsibility
primary school
primary source
primary task
prime example
prime minister
prime time
principal source
prior experience
prior knowledge
private company
private firm
private hospital
private individual
private investment
private life
private school
private sector
private sphere
privileged position
prize money
problem area
process data
process information
professional activity
professional body
professional colleague
professional development
professional experience
professional knowledge
professional practice
professional qualification
professional staff
professional standard
professional status
professional support
professional training
professional work
profound effect
profound impact
prominent feature
prominent member
prominent role
promote equality
promote the development
properly understood
property market
proposed legislation
prove successful
prove useful
provide  feedback
provide  insight
provide a benefit
provide a clue
provide a focus
provide a foundation
provide a service
provide a source
provide a summary
provide access
provide an alternative
provide an example
provide an explanation
provide an illustration
provide an indication
provide an opportunity
provide an overview
provide assistance
provide care
provide context
provide coverage
provide data
provide evidence
provide feedback
provide guidance
provide information
provide material
provide resources
provide support
public access
public administration
public attitudes
public authority
public awareness
public debate
public discourse
public display
public domain
public expenditure
public finance
public funds
public health
public image
public institution
public interest
public life
public money
public opinion
public perception
public policy
public school
public sector
public service
public spending
public sphere
public transport
public welfare
publicly available
publish a journal
publish a report
publish an article
publish research
published literature
published material
published research
published work
purchasing power
qualitative analysis
qualitative approach
qualitative data
qualitative method
qualitative research
qualitative study
qualitatively different
quantitative analysis
quantitative approach
quantitative data
quantitative method
quantitative research
quantitative result
quantitative study
racial differences
racial discrimination
racial equality
racial group
racial stereotype
radical change
radical critique
radical differences
radical transformation
radically different
radio station
railway station
raise a question
raise an issue
raise awareness
random error
random sample
random variable
randomly assigned
randomly chosen
randomly selected
rapid expansion
rapidly changing
rapidly growing
raw data
raw material
reach a consensus
reach a peak
reach an agreement
readily accessible
readily available
readily understood
ready access
real estate
real issue
real life
real world
reality show
receive feedback
receive information
receive treatment
recent day
recent decades
recent evidence
recent month
recent research
recent study
recent survey
recent time
recent week
recent year
reciprocal relationship
record data
recurrent theme
red card
red tape
reduce emissions
reduce stress
reduce the likelihood
reflective practice
reflective question
regional development
regional differences
regional variation
regulatory agency
regulatory framework
related activity
related area
related aspect
related factor
related information
related issue
related post
related problem
related question
related topic
relative autonomy
relative merits
relative status
relatively common
relatively constant
relatively few
relatively high
relatively little
relatively low
relatively minor
relatively rare
relatively recent
relatively simple
relatively stable
relatively straightforward
relevant data
relevant factors
relevant information
relevant issue
relevant literature
relevant material
reliable data
reliable information
religious belief
religious faith
religious freedom
religious group
religious identity
religious movement
religious practice
rely heavily
remain constant
remain stable
remain unchanged
remain unclear
remarkably similar
renewable energy
renewed interest
report data
report findings
representative government
reprint right
require consideration
require knowledge
require resources
research effort
research evidence
research findings
research methodology
research purposes
research topic
resolve a conflict
resolve a dispute
respond appropriately
return flight
review a study
revised edition
revised version
rich source
right direction
right group
right issue
right thing
right time
right way
rising cost
risk assessment
role model
roughly equal
roughly equivalent
royal family
rugby union
ruling class
ruling party
rural area
rural community
rural economy
rural population
rural society
safe sex
salient characteristic
salient feature
same day
same period
same thing
same time
same way
same year
scarce resources
schematic representation
scholarly journal
scholarly literature
scholarly research
scholarly work
scientific community
scientific discourse
scientific evidence
scientific investigation
scientific method
scientific objectivity
scientific research
scientific theory
second day
second dose
second goal
second half
second leg
second place
second quarter
second round
second term
second test
second time
second war
second year
secondary data
secondary education
secondary school
secondary source
security force
security guard
security policy
security service
seek help
seek information
seem appropriate
seem obvious
seem plausible
seem unlikely
select committee
seminal study
seminal work
senior executive
senior figure
senior leader
senior management
senior officer
senior official
separate entity
serious challenge
serious consequences
serious injury
serious offence
serious problem
serve a function
service provider
service sector
set a goal
set a target
set an objective
set the agenda
set the parameters
several month
several time
several year
severely affect
sexual abuse
sexual act
sexual assault
sexual behaviour
sexual contact
sexual difference
sexual exploitation
sexual harassment
sexual identity
sexual intercourse
sexual orientation
sexual violence
shadow secretary
share information
share price
shared experience
shared meaning
shared values
sharp contrast
sharp distinction
shift  emphasis
shopping centre
short duration
short period
short story
short term
short time
show a tendency
show a trend
show evidence
show variation
side effect
sign a treaty
significant amount
significant change
significant contribution
significant correlation
significant degree
significant development
significant difference
significant effect
significant factor
significant feature
significant figures
significant growth
significant impact
significant improvement
significant increase
significant influence
significant interaction
significant number
significant part
significant portion
significant proportion
significant reduction
significant relationship
significant role
significant shift
significant variation
significantly affect
significantly correlated
significantly higher
significantly increase
significantly reduced
similar approach
similar argument
similar characteristics
similar effect
similar issue
similar pattern
similar properties
similar result
similar situation
simple majority
simplified version
single currency
single element
single entity
single individual
single issue
single source
single variable
skilled worker
slightly different
slightly higher
slow process
small amount
small business
small company
small fraction
small group
small minority
small number
small percentage
small portion
small proportion
small quantities
small town
social activity
social aspect
social attitudes
social background
social behaviour
social care
social circumstances
social conflict
social consequences
social construct
social contact
social context
social democracy
social dimension
social distancing
social environment
social equality
social exclusion
social expectations
social factors
social function
social identity
social implications
social inequality
social institution
social integration
social interaction
social isolation
social medium
social mobility
social movement
social norm
social organization
social phenomenon
social policy
social reform
social relationship
social responsibility
social service
social setting
social significance
social site
social status
social structure
social theory
social transformation
social trend
social welfare
social worker
socially acceptable
socially constructed
socially desirable
socially responsible
socioeconomic status
solar energy
solar panel
solar power
solar system
source material
sovereign state
sparsely populated
special circumstances
special emphasis
special issue
special relationship
special status
specific area
specific aspect
specific case
specific characteristic
specific context
specific example
specific factor
specific feature
specific focus
specific form
specific function
specific information
specific issue
specific knowledge
specific meaning
specific needs
specific problem
specific purpose
specific question
specific reference
specific sense
specific type
specifically designed
spending cut
square foot
staff member
stamp duty
standard approach
standard error
standard format
standard method
stark contrast
start a process
state department
state explicitly
state government
state pension
state school
state sector
statistical analysis
statistical data
statistical information
statistical method
statistical significance
statistical technique
statistical test
statistically significant
stock market
store data
store information
strategic decision
strategic importance
strategic management
strategic objective
strategic planning
stress level
striking contrast
striking example
striking feature
strong bond
strong correlation
strong emphasis
strong evidence
strong link
strong reaction
strong relationship
strong tendency
strongly agree
strongly associated
strongly correlated
strongly disagree
strongly influenced
strongly linked
strongly opposed
strongly related
strongly suggest
structural adjustment
structural change
structural element
structural feature
structural properties
subject area
subsequent analysis
subsequent chapter
subsequent development
subsequent study
subsequent work
substantial amount
substantial difference
substantial evidence
substantial number
substantial part
substantially different
success story
successful implementation
such case
such thing
sufficient condition
sufficient detail
sufficient evidence
sufficient information
sufficient resources
suicide bomber
summer holiday
superior performance
supply chain
support an argument
supporting evidence
survey data
swimming pool
symbiotic relationship
systematic analysis
systematic approach
systematic study
tacit knowledge
take a role
take an approach
take initiative
take into consideration
take on the role  role
take precedence
take responsibility
take up the role
target audience
task force
tax bill
tax break
tax credit
tax increase
tax rate
tax relief
tax rise
taxi driver
teaching strategy
technical aspect
technical assistance
technical detail
technical expertise
technical issue
technical knowledge
technical problem
technical skill
technical support
technical term
technological advances
technological change
technological development
technological innovation
technological progress
terrorist attack
test a theory
test cricket
test match
test result
test score
text message
textual analysis
thematic analysis
theoretical analysis
theoretical approach
theoretical basis
theoretical concept
theoretical debate
theoretical framework
theoretical issue
theoretical model
theoretical perspective
theoretical study
theoretical understanding
theoretical work
think differently
thinking process
third party
third place
third quarter
third round
third time
thought process
tightly controlled
time year
top flight
top management
top official
top player
total income
total number
totally different
tough time
tour operator
track record
trade union
traditional approach
traditional culture
traditional form
traditional method
traditional practice
traditional research
traditional society
traditional value
traditional view
training camp
training ground
training session
transfer window
transferable skill
transmit data
transmit information
transport system
treat differently
treat equally
tuition fee
typical example
ultimate goal
undergo transformation
underlying assumption
underlying cause
underlying principle
underlying process
underlying reason
underlying structure
undertake an activity
undertake research
undertake work
unemployment rate
unequal power
unfair treatment
unintended consequences
unique individual
unique opportunity
unique position
universally accepted
unlimited access
unskilled worker
urban area
urban centre
urban design
urban development
urban environment
use a format
use a method
use a methodology
use a procedure
use a source
use a strategy
use a technique
use a theory
use an approach
use criteria
use effectively
use resources
use sparingly
use statistics
use the analysis
use the concept concept
use the data data
use the definition
useful information
useful material
useful means
useful source
useful summary
useful tool
vaccination programme
vaccine dose
vaccine passport
vaccine rollout
valid argument
valuable information
valuable resources
various aspects
vary considerably
vary greatly
vary significantly
vary widely
varying degree
vast amount
vast area
vast array
vast majority
vast number
vast quantities
vast range
verbal communication
verbal language
vested interest
vice president
virtual community
virtually impossible
visual image
visual media
visual perception
visual representation
vital importance
vital part
vital role
vulnerable group
water supply
welfare reform
well aware
well designed
well documented
well educated
well established
well received
west London
western democracy
western society
western tradition
whole area
whole period
whole range
whole thing
whole world
wide area
wide array
wide range
wide variation
widely accepted
widely adopted
widely available
widely believed
widely different
widely discussed
widely dispersed
widely distributed
widely known
widely read
widely recognized
widely regarded
widely shared
widely used
wider audience
wider community
wider context
wider implications
wider issue
wider public
wider society
widespread acceptance
widespread belief
widespread support
widespread use
work effectively
world champion
world championship
world leader
world record
world title
world war
worth R
written comment
written communication
written statement
yellow card
yesterday announce
yesterday morning
young age
young boy
young brother
young child
young girl
young man
young people
young player
young son
young woman
younger generation
Â Â
